---
layout: default
title: Consulting
sidebar: consulting
---

## Independent, qualitative and quantitative research to keep you informed in a changing environment.

A recurrent challenge for managers in today's rapidly changing environment is
to keep abreast of products, clients and markets. At KSA we specialise in
focussed, investigative research, uniquely tailored to your particular needs.

**Client Intelligence:** We work closely with you to elicit feedback from your
clients, on the quality of service you provide. We design tailored
questionnaires that will help you identify areas for improvement, marketing
opportunities and new product development. Our quality research encompasses
written, telephone or face-to-face interviews with your clients involving
confidential, frank discussions of the service that you provide. Based on your
clients' feedback, we prepareÂ actionable recommendations that can be
incorporated directly into your business planning. We also offer training on
how to solicit feedback from clients (see [Client Feedback
Workshop](/training-material/client-feedback-workshop/)).

**Product Research:** We undertake qualitative and quantitative research for
new and existing investment products. We design tailored surveys that can be
sent out by post, conducted by telephone or carried out face-to-face. We
analyse responses and provide you with valuable information about market
opportunities and constraints. We carry out cost-benefit analyses for new or
existing investment products.

**Why use KSA for investigative research?** We find that feedback is more
readily volunteered when discussions are held with KSA as an objective third
party. Once we have signed a confidentiality agreement with you, we reassure
your clients that their feedback and identity is being treated in full
confidence and with the utmost discretion. We generally encourage your clients
to give permission for their feedback to be passed on to you on a fully
attributed basis, but we do recommend that they are given the opportunity to
give off-the-record, or non-attributed feedback as well. Such comments often
provide you with the most valuable feedback, precisely because of their
sensitive nature. We focus on providing you with relevant and discerning
feedback for your company.
