---
layout: default
title: People
sidebar: people
---

## Experienced professionals who understand your business.

**Karen Shackleton, Director.** Karen began her career in 1984 at County
NatWest Investment Management, managing £1.5 billion in passive investment
techniques. She then became a Director of Barclays Global Investors, in charge
of client relationships for the quantitative investment group. Since 1995 she
has worked as an independent consultant, specialising in investigative research
and executive training. Karen is also a Senior Adviser at [AllenbridgeEpic
Investment Advisers](http://www.allenbridgeepic.com/), (AllenbridgeEpic)
offering independent investment advice and training to pension fund trustees.
Through AllenbridgeEpic, she is the investment adviser to three London Borough
pension schemes. (See [full
biography](/people/karen-shackleton/))

**Professor Mark Shackleton, Director.** Mark began his career in swaps before
moving into fund management, marketing active-passive to US clients. He also
worked as a management consultant, before embarking on his academic career. He
is now Associate Dean at Lancaster University's Management School, with
publications in real options, commodity pricing and firm valuation. Mark's
advanced executive training and specialist consulting is provided through KSA.
(See [full
biography](http://www.lums.lancs.ac.uk/accounting/profiles/mark-shackleton/))

**History of KSA:** Following ten years in the television industry
(Thunderbirds), Keith Shackleton set up KSA in 1972, consulting to the
entertainment and publishing sectors. Keith's long-term assignments for several
major international producers contributed to significant business growth in
their UK and European interests.
