---
layout: default
title: Karen Shackleton
sidebar: karen
---

## **C.V.**

### **<u>Profile</u>**

Career in the financial sector spanning over 30 years. C level board experience
including Chief Executive/Managing Director for a UK investment advisory
company. Achievements include turning company around in four years, doubling
assets advised to over £40 billion and growing the size of team. Non-Executive
Director of Resonance Limited and Deputy Chair of the Lord Chancellor’s
Strategic Investment Board for the Ministry of Justice. Investment adviser to
four local authority pension funds, providing economic and market reviews as
part of strategic input feeding into Pensions Committee investment strategy.
Understanding of the public sector, gained over 30 years of working with local
authorities. Expert perspective on investments and the performance
characteristics of different asset classes and investment approaches under
different economic climates. An appreciation of investor needs: over 600
discussions with institutional and high net worth investors. Ten years’
experience as an investment manager.

**<u>Qualifications</u>**

1981 – 1984    BSc. Banking and International Finance, City University Business
School (now Cass Business School) – 1<sup>st</sup> class honours, award for
highest rank in year. Academic knowledge of investments, micro- and
macro-economics, banking law, econometrics and statistics.

2007 – Date    CF30 FCA Approved.

**<u>Career History</u>**

**Pensions for Purpose
([www.pensionsforpurpose.com](http://www.pensionsforpurpose.com)) **

2017 – Date    Head of Pensions for Purpose, a collaborative initiative to
raise awareness of impact investment within the pension fund community.
Pensions for Purpose is a wholly owned subsidiary of Keith Shackleton
Associates.

**Ministry of Justice (**[**www.justice.gov.uk**](http://www.justice.gov.uk)**)**

2016 – Date    Deputy Chair of the Lord Chancellor’s Strategic Investment
Board, an advisory body responsible for advising the Lord Chancellor on the
investment of funds held by the Ministry of Justice on behalf of others.
Attendance at quarterly meetings, interim ad hoc dialogue as required. Input
into the procurement process for new investment managers.

**Resonance Limited (**[**www.resonance.ltd.uk/**](http://www.resonance.ltd.uk/)**)**

2015 – Date    Non-Executive Director and Chair (from 2018) of the Board of
Resonance Limited, a firm supporting social enterprises by raising capital from
values-aligned investors. Attendance at main board meetings. Appointed in March
2016 as Non-Executive Director of Resonance Impact Investing Limited, a
subsidiary of Resonance Limited authorised by the FCA to carry out regulated
financial activities. Member of the Resource and Risk Committee, New Product
Development Committee and Chair of the Marketing and Profile Committee.

**AllenbridgeEpic Investment Advisers (**[**www.allenbridge.com/advice/introduction/**](http://www.allenbridge.com/advice/introduction/)**)**

2017 Project manager for market research undertaken for DCMS as part of a
report on social impact
([www.dcms.gov.uk](https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/659065/Social_Impact_Investment_Pensions_Survey.pdf)).
Processed feedback from 65 corporate pension fund representatives on impact
investment.

2006 – Date    Independent investment adviser to three London Borough pension
schemes: London Boroughs of Islington, Hounslow and Camden, and one county
council pension scheme: Warwickshire County Council. Provision of economic
views and strategy advice to formal Pension Committee meetings for these
clients. Review of investments across all asset classes. Training and education
of the trustees. Regular attendee and speaker at investment seminars,
conferences and workshops. Experience in listening skills, critical thinking,
assimilation and diplomacy combined with a willingness to challenge.

2014 – 2015    Advisory Panel member. Non-executive role on the Advisory Panel
of AllenbridgeEpic, the investment advisory arm of Allenbridge Investment
Solutions. Providing support to the Managing Director, input into business
strategy, challenge and debate of management, business development and staffing
issues. Review of budget vs. actual revenue/expenditure on a bi-monthly basis.

2010 – 2012    Chief Executive. Management responsibility for 28 Senior
Advisers, Sector Specialists and Business Development Executives, growing the
team by ten and increasing assets advised by £5bn in 18 months. Moved P&L from
a loss-making position to break-even, enabling the owner to sell the
AllenbridgeEpic business to Allenbridge Investment Solutions LLP, a new
partnership with a minority stake held by Moody’s Corporation (see below).

2009 – 2010    Sales Executive. Responsible for sales and business development
of the advisory business. Member of Management Committee.

**Allenbridge Investment Solutions (**[**www.allenbridge.com/**](http://www.allenbridge.com/)**)**

2012 – 2013    Managing Director and Partner. Member of the Management
Committee, Managing Director of Advisory and Head of Business Development and
Sales. Responsible for continued growth of the independent investment advisory
business and for sales and business development of both advisory and analytics
businesses. Increased assets advised to over £40 billion. Significantly raised
profile of business in target market.

**KSA Ltd – own consultancy company (**[**www.ksa.uk.net**](http://www.ksa.uk.net)**)**

2017 Member of a working party feeding into the government's advisory group on
social impact investment leading to the publication of a key report:
([www.dcms.gov.uk)](https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/664321/Full_Report_Growing_a_Culture_of_Social_Impact_Investing_in_the_UK.pdf)

2014 – 2015    Conducted a market research project soliciting investor views
from very large pension funds, on behalf of a property manager considering
co-investment opportunities in property assets. Pulled together opinions on
co-investment fund structures, manager remuneration, commitment levels and
investment constraints. Organised a seminar and roundtable discussion with
senior executives from corporate and local authority pension funds.

1998 – 2010    Conducted market intelligence research involving interviews with
650 institutional and retail investors globally, across six projects, for large
asset management firms and investment consultants. Provided analysis and
recommendations for improvements. Presented findings to management committees
and team heads.

2005 – 2011    Recommended and implemented improvements to the financial
management controls and procedures for an Abbeyfield Society (care home)
franchise. Enhanced presentation of accounting information to management
committee to allow for more sophisticated monitoring and budgeting. Designed an
in-house accounting and invoicing system.

2005 – 2008    Designed a workshop on hedge funds and understanding the risks
associated with these investments. Delivered to a London Borough pension fund
(2004), to MBA/MSc Finance students at Lancaster University (2004, 2005), and
every six months as part of Euromoney Training’s two-day course on “Managing
Risks in Asset Management”.

2005                  Designed a workshop on the implementation of cost benefit
analyses for investment products. Delivered to the Association of Investment
Managers' annual conference and as part of a two-day executive programme
offered by Cass Business School.

1995 – 1998    Disaggregated the costs of a fund management business from its
parent investment bank and analysed the transition costs incurred as a result
of a merger. Provided an activity-based cost analysis to enhance management
decision-making for an investment manager.

**BZW Investment Management (BZWIM) - now BlackRock**

1991-1994       Director, Client Service Team, Quantitative Investment Group.
Managed a team of five client relationship managers responsible for £23bn in
external client assets. Responsible for developing and maintaining client
relationships and marketing to new accounts. Client director to corporate and
local authority pension funds.

**County NatWest Investment Management (CNIM) – asset manager**

1990-1991       Director, Quantitative Fixed Income & Derivatives. Team head,
managing £1.5bn in strategies encompassing currency dynamic hedging, synthetic
index funds, option writing, global bond indexation, immunisation & dedication.
Responsible for client servicing, marketing and business strategy in UK, USA,
Japan.

1988-1990       Head of Product Development team. Established a quantitative
research and development group focussing on turning research ideas into
marketable products for the pension fund market. Introduced currency dynamic
hedging, quantitative added value products and tactical asset allocation
incorporating economic views to the firm’s client base.

1984-1988       Fund Manager in Quantitative team. One of the founder members
of the team. Specialised in the management of fixed income and derivatives for
pension fund clients. Marketed quantitative products in the UK and USA.

**<u>Voluntary</u>**

2017 - Date  Communications Advisor and Executive Committee member for St.
Thomas Church, Lancaster's "[Heart of the
City](https://www.facebook.com/StTeesHeartOfTheCity/)" project. Strategic
vision for raising £3.75 million for a new community centre. Research into
crowdfunding. Preparation of bi-monthly newsletter to congregation and
maintenance of Facebook page.

2014 – 2016    Standing Committee and Parochial Church Council member, St.
Thomas Church, Lancaster. Reviewed governance and staff and leadership
structures in response to the growth of the 600+ congregation. Attended a
“vision day” to help the clergy and staff team set the strategic goals for the
church. Annual review of the budget and monitoring of actual
revenue/expenditure.  Member of a task force reviewing the business strategy
for the church pre-school – prepared financial scenarios, recommendations for
change and advice on raising profile in the local community.

2001 – 2011    Governor, Quernmore C.E. Controlled School (Chair of Governors:
2006 - 2010). Appointed new Head Teacher during time as Chair.  Improved
management information on financials provided to full governing body. Chair of
Finance Committee.

**<u>Interests</u>**

Running, badminton, tennis, walking, piano, member of a book group and a church
bible study group
