---
layout: default
title: Mark Shackleton
sidebar: mark
---

Mark Shackleton is Associate Dean at **Lancaster University Management
School **[LUMS](http://www.lums.lancs.ac.uk/) is rated in the top 25 Schools in
the world for its MBA and in the top 5 in the UK, while the
[University](http://www.lancs.ac.uk/) as a whole has entered the top ten.

Having studied Physics at [Oxford](http://www.ox.ac.uk), Mark started his
career in Investment Banking working in interest rate swaps and then asset
management for County NatWest both in London and New York, before gaining an
MBA with Distinction at [INSEAD](http://www.insead.fr). Following two years
consulting with [Monitor Company Europe](http://www.monitor.com/) he committed
to an academic career and following a PhD in Finance at [London Business
School](http://www.london.edu) gained a tenured position at Lancaster in 1997.

He has also had visiting positions at
[Oxford](http://www.sbs.ox.ac.uk/Pages/default.aspx) (1996),
[Warwick](http://www.wbs.ac.uk/) (2005) and
[Cambridge](http://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/) (2009) having also taught on their MBA
and MSc degrees. He has won teaching prizes on several occasions, most notably
for innovative teaching methods and the use of trading games, one famously set
around a mysterious bottle of pennies.

### Learning about Financial Markets

<iframe width="480" height="295" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ch_5uuKpiS0"></iframe>

He researches many topics, including financial options, so called "real
options" (the value of operational flexibility), volatility estimation/impact,
investments and their returns particularly in the area of energy ([staff
page](http://www.lums.lancs.ac.uk/accounting/profiles/mark-shackleton/)). He
has over twenty academic articles, has supervised ten PhD students to
completion and consulted to corporations as well as offering executive
education at a range of levels.
