---
layout: default
title: Training & Material
sidebar: training-material
---

## Achieve excellence through learning.

**Training:** Good decision-making requires a technical knowledge of your
market, and at KSA we offer courses that allow you to construct training
sessions that specifically meet your needs. We offer courses for all levels of
ability, ranging from undergraduate and non-executive education on the
practical aspects of fund management, to advanced, intensive courses in
investment theory. Our courses can be used as part of a graduate training
programme, as background training for administrative staff, for advanced,
specialised executive education, or as a practitioner module on an MBA or MSc
programme. Because we work with you to establish the objectives of the course,
you can be sure that the material will be designed specifically for your
audience, with no time-wasting on irrelevant subject matter.

Some or our more popular workshops are detailed below. Please click on the
title of interest:

["Making Sense of Hedge Funds"](/training-material/hedge-fund-workshop/) -
different types of hedge funds, risks, benefits, fund of funds, choosing a
hedge fund, ongoing monitoring.

["Client Feedback Studies"](/training-material/client-feedback-workshop/) -
importance of good client service, types of feedback studies, dealing with
complaints, integrating feedback into the business plan.

Karen Shackleton offers customised training through KSA. Her pension fund
training is offered through [AllenbridgeEpic Investment
Advisers](http://www.allenbridgeepic.com/). In the past, she has also run
training courses for [Euromoney Training](http://www.euromoneytraining.com/)
and [BPP Professional
Education](http://www.bppprofessionaldevelopment.com/accountancy_tax/productdetails.aspx?product=3016&sitting=DEFAULT&location=UK).

Professor Mark Shackleton offers our more advanced, theoretical courses. These
are available on demand. Please contact KSA for further information.

**Material:** We have two sets of course notes available from KSA free of
charge:

**An Introduction to Finance:** the basic topics and issues that are of concern
to the general manager and all those needing to make financial decisions.

**Advanced Corporate Finance:** this course examines the valuation of a firm's
assets and liabilities where they contain embedded contingent claims (options),
covering the implications for corporate asset and liability management when
optionality is present.

We are happy to send you this course material, either in hard copy or PDF
format, provided you [e-mail us](/contact/) with
your details, including your name, title, and organisation. Please state which
course notes you require.

Further information about Professor Mark Shackleton's academic research can be
reviewed on his [personal web page at Lancaster
University](http://www.lums.lancs.ac.uk/accounting/profiles/mark-shackleton/).
